Fix runtime version policy wording (#3339)
astronomer/docs: software/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy.md

| Stable          | 6 months or 3 months after the next major Astro Runtime release, whichever is longer |
| LTS             | 18 months or 6 months after the next LTS Astro Runtime release, whichever is longer  |

> For each major Runtime version, only the latest `minor.patch` version receives fixes. Because Runtime versions are immutable, anytime new features or fixes are added to the Astro Runtime, they are released as a patch version of the Runtime.

Reviewer: Same edits as for Astro

> Astronomer policy provides backward-compatibility guarantees for upgrades within a major version, however for each supported major Runtime version, bug fixes are delivered only through new `minor.patch` versions. If you report an issue with a supported Astro Runtime image that is not on the latest `minor.patch` version, Astronomer Support might ask that you upgrade your Astro Runtime version to see if that resolves the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
For each supported major Runtime version, bug fixes are delivered only through new `minor.patch` versions. If you report an issue with a supported Astro Runtime image that is not on the latest `minor.patch` version, Astronomer Support might ask that you upgrade your Astro Runtime version to see if that resolves the issue. Astronomer guarantees backwards compatibility for upgrades completed within a given supported major version. 
```

The following table contains the exact lifecycle for each published version of Astro Runtime. These timelines are based on the LTS and Stable [release channel maintenance policies](#release-channels).

| Runtime version                                                                                    | Airflow version | Release date       | End of maintenance date |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------- |
| [5](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-500) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.3             | April 30, 2022     | April 2024              |
| [6](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-600) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.4             | September 19, 2022 | March 2024              |

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Reviewer 2: cc @rishkarajgi can you confirm on above point^

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Reviewer 3: We use this url for Runtime updates - https://updates.astronomer.io/astronomer-runtime
And Runtime 10 is listed. So I'm assuming the Runtime support policy us agnostic of the product (Astro/Software)

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Reviewer 4: Then I think here should be updated to include runtime 10 or am I missing something?

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Reviewer: Yes it should, sorry the Software version is lagging slightly behind the Astro version. @lzdanski This is doc is definitely a candidate for https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/react#importing-markdown

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Author: ```suggestion
| [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |
| [10](runtime-release-notes.md#astro-runtime-1000)                    | 2.8             | December 18, 2023  | June 2024               |
```

> | [9](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-release-notes#astro-runtime-900) (LTS) - Latest Patch | 2.7             | August 18, 2023    | January 2025            |

Author: Added v10 to software runtime table
